so you've heard of high-definition
movies you've heard of high-definition
cameras but have you heard of high
definition radar while we're here with
andy from raymarine who's going to
explain what it's all about hi basically
we've enhanced with our G Series product
range with now brought in
high-definition digital signal
processing which basically eliminates
all the noise around the target and
offers you superior target definition so
does that mean like when I've seen an
old-fashioned movie with summary answers
and it's sort of it's a bit fuzzy yeah
does that mean now I'll be able to see
crystal clear idea yeah basically you're
eliminating all the noise around a big
cluster basically splitting it up to
give the end user real sort of
definition when they're sort of cruising
along ok can you jos yeah sure can even
use either a fixed wire keyboard here ok
well we also have a wireless option and
what this one option means is that we
can control multiple screen options to
see here this is digital processing
technology with radar we have the
ability to have to screen options on
here which means that we can have your
range radar capability which for the end
user is a real great functionality so we
can split and get and have two different
ranges also with the screen here we can
control multiple screen options right
now we can flick over here on the on the
port side ok also what it offers us is
unmatched in put options on here so we
can bring in vga DVI composite video in
this video which means you can bring in
DVD players soccer just say I don't
worry about where I'm gay let's see
watching a movie instead absolutely you
can do that we can also go along here on
the menu have picture and picture and
have the DVD player going up in the
corner as you sort of cruising along in
your boats so we really are offering
flexibility on the screen ok let's like
this great looks pretty cool is this
yeah this gives us 3d cartography which
enables us to bring up bathymetric
processing so it shows the boat as it's
going along in city and we can go
through and change various sort of
target definitions again just to give us
ultimate sort of viewing angle when
we're sort of going so we can have that
going side by side with a standard sort
of TD chart radar and then share it in
3d format as well excellent how much
would something like this cost with the
screens and the processor you're pretty
looking at systems somewhere between 15
to 20,000 pounds
with the processor that we have here we
have built-in world cartography that
comes on the processor rather than using
standard compact flash card chips okay
for different territories so you get it
all in one absolutely if you buy a
European version you buy the whole of
the year of a platinum cartography and
the rest of the world isn't gold so it
means so we can have like 3d technology
for the whole of Europe and what sort of
both of my life to put its it like a
dinky or no not quite a doing it would
be nice but typically aimed at sort of
50-foot blast sort of power boat cruises
and again sort of you go round the show
we're seeing them from a hunt 50-foot
that's about 110 foot boats exit well
thanks very much Andy there we go hi def
coming to radar anywhere near you
there's no point coming to the whole
show if you're not going to look at a
boat so we've come to the sunseeker
stand it sees what's class probably is
the crème de la crème of power boats
standing behind me is the 86 yacht now
it's a cool 3.8 million just for the
standard spec if you want to get it out
which of course we do it's 5 million
pounds quite steep but let me just read
some of the specs we've got a length of
27 metres we've got a beam of 6.4 metres
we've got a draft of 1.7 meters we've
got fuel capacity of 7 and a half
thousand litres we've got a maximum
speed of 32 not and it's got a range of
about 350 nautical miles if that wasn't
enough the spec list I mean look at its
massive I don't why I'm gonna read all
of our but some of the key things we
should get excited about suppose we've
got flat screen TVs in all all the guest
rooms and crew rooms went mad it's got
ipod docking station it's got an
electric refrigerator and freezer with
ice maker important of course it's got
air conditioning it's got a toilet
system and holding tank an automatic
fire extinguishing system for the engine
room that's just pretty much everything
you could possibly want from a boat so
what's it like where they've been stupid
enough to let us on board so let's go
and check it out this is the main
recreational area of the sunseeker 86
big comfy sofas I mean it's like sitting
in my living room even better there's a
TV on the other side of the room just so
I you know don't want to look at the
ocean or the night sky and when you
finish the television
there's a little button just back here
it allows me to put it down plus there
are four surround sound speakers
provided by Bose give you a complete
immersion in that cinema experience so
here we are at the fly bridge deck
control center allowing you to steer
this massive 27 meter behemoth of a boat
there are two main most of the consoles
are all digital they're all high-def and
they can allow you to play videos get
cartography radar everything like that
and from a gadget point of view there's
lots of buttons lots of switches
everything to press it's you know you're
going to be in gadget heaven sitting at
the top of this driving this down the
road every room is like a kitted out
hotel is everything's got flat screen
TVs you know there's bunt there's twin
beds for use an ensuite bathroom with
the less complete with shower as well as
pretty cool Anna yeah so this is the
master bedroom even bigger than the
guestrooms you've got an impressively
large bathroom I think it's even bigger
my bathroom at home complete the shower
toilet little signs of that hand basin
listen that's impressive in itself and
then if the sharp speakers and the post
wasn't good enough you've even got a
walk-in wardrobe I completely fit into
how big is this if you thought upstairs
have enough buttons and pulleys and
levers and etc etc check it out this is
the main bridge the main console organ
size impressive that's it for this week
hope you've enjoyed the show while in
tune in next time for more news reviews
tips tricks opinions and much more
there's a megawatt TV thanks for
watching
you